---
title: 'Books I Read in 2014'
date: 2014-01-01 00:00:11
featured_image: '/images/demo/demo-square.jpg' 
tags: books
---
                        

## A Short History of Nearly Everything
by Bill Bryson

Finished on 2014/09/20

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


## Foundation (Foundation, #1)
by Isaac Asimov

Finished on 2014/12/27

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


## Freedom™ (Daemon, #2)
by Daniel Suarez

Finished on 2014/11/13

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️


## Daemon (Daemon, #1)
by Daniel Suarez

Finished on 2014/11/04

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


The concept of this book was great: a genius game developer posthumously releases a computer intelligence to destroy civilization as we know it.  The story develops quickly and the technology mentioned in this story seems plausible.  

The thing that annoys me (the book Nexus had a similar problem) was that the author felt it necessary to insert a graphic date-rape scene that was not really necessary to the story.  It would have been more appropriate for a wider audience w/o this scene.


## Slaughterhouse-Five
by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.

Finished on 2014/10/19

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


## The Reapers are the Angels (Reapers, #1)
by Alden Bell

Finished on 2014/10/04

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


## Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products
by Nir   Eyal

Finished on 2014/01/16

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


Great book.  The author did a great job of describing what he calls "the hook model" which describes the psychological cycle for capturing and maintaining a product users attention.   Great for product developers who are designing products that they hope people will use.


## Gone Girl
by Gillian Flynn

Finished on 2014/09/22

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️


This novel engrossed me enough that I read it in two evenings, but ultimately I found the wife unbelievable and the husband boring, so 3 stars.  


## Divergent (Divergent, #1)
by Veronica Roth

Finished on 2014/03/27

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️


Some romance from Twilight sprinkled with the dystopian future of Hunger Games and the sorting hat of Harry Potter.


## Functional JavaScript: Introducing Functional Programming with Underscore.js
by Michael Fogus

Finished on 2014/07/29

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


## Programming Interviews Exposed: Secrets to Landing Your Next Job (Programmer to Programmer)
by John Mongan

Finished on 2014/02/15

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


## Lexicon
by Max Barry

Finished on 2013/07/18

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


## The Forever War (The Forever War, #1)
by Joe Haldeman

Finished on 2013/05/01

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


## The Hedge Knight (The Tales of Dunk and Egg, #1)
by Ben Avery

Finished on 2014/01/21

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


## Summer Knight (The Dresden Files, #4)
by Jim Butcher

Finished on 2013/12/31

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


## Without Their Permission: How the 21st Century Will Be Made, Not Managed
by Alexis Ohanian

Finished on 2013/11/17

Andrew's Rating: ⭐️⭐️⭐️


Very anecdotal and repetitive.  I do now feel inclined to start a dot com and make a bazillion dollars, however.
